Q-1)What is software? What is software engineering?
Ans:-The programs and other operating information used by a computer
.Software is a program or set of programs containing instructions that provide desired functionality. And Engineering is the process of designing and building something that serves a particular purpose and finds a cost-effective solution to problems


Q2)   Explain types of software?

1)Operating System: It is the main program of a computer system. When the computer system ON it is the first software that loads into the computer’s memory. Basically, it manages all the resources such as memory, CPU, printer, hard disk, etc., and provides an interface to the user, which helps the user to interact with the computer system. It also provides various services to other computer software. Examples of operating systems are Linux, Apple macOS, Microsoft Windows, etc.

2)Language Processor: As we know that system software converts the human-readable language into a machine language and vice versa. So, the conversion is done by the language processor. It converts programs written in high-level programming languages like Java, C, C++, Python, etc(known as source code), into sets of instructions that are easily readable by machines(known as object code or machine code).

3)Device Driver: A device driver is a program or software that controls a device and helps that device to perform its functions. Every device like a printer, mouse, modem, etc. needs a driver to connect with the computer system eternally. So, when you connect a new device with your computer system, first you need to install the driver of that device so that your operating system knows how to control or manage that device.

Q3)What is SDLC?Explain each phase of SDLC?

Ans:- software life cycle model (also termed process model) is a pictorial and diagrammatic representation of the software life cycle. A life cycle model represents all the methods required to make a software product transit through its life cycle stages. It also captures the structure in which these methods are to be undertaken.

In other words, a life cycle model maps the various activities performed on a software product from its inception to retirement. Different life cycle models may plan the necessary development activities to phases in different ways. Thus, no element which life cycle model is followed, the essential activities are contained in all life cycle models though the action may be carried out in distinct orders in different life cycle models. During any life cycle stage, more than one activity may also be carried out.

1.To ensure that the software is of high quality: The SDLC includes testing and quality assurance phases, which help to ensure that the software is free of bugs and that it meets the requirements.

2.To manage risks and costs: The SDLC helps organizations to identify and manage risks early in the development process, which can help to reduce costs and minimize the impact of any issues that do arise.

3.To improve communication and collaboration: The SDLC helps to ensure that all stakeholders, including customers, end-users, and developers, are involved in the development process and that their needs are taken into account.

4.To improve efficiency and productivity: The SDLC helps organizations to optimize the use of resources and to streamline the development process, which can improve efficiency and productivity.

5.To increase the likelihood of a successful project outcome: Following a well-defined SDLC process can greatly increase the chances of success of the project, as the process guides the team towards the goal in a systematic and efficient way.

Overall, the SDLC is a valuable tool for organizations to use when developing software applications, as it helps to ensure that the final product is of high quality, meets the requirements, and is delivered on time and within budget

Q4)What is DFD? Create a DFD diagram on Flipkart

DFD is the abbreviation for Data Flow Diagram. The flow of data of a system or a process is represented by DFD. It also gives insight into the inputs and outputs of each entity and the process itself. DFD does not have control flow and no loops or decision rules are present. Specific operations depending on the type of data can be explained by a flowchart.

It is a graphical tool, useful for communicating with users ,managers and other personnel. it is useful for analyzing existing as well as proposed system.



