Software Engineering:-
Module-1-Overview  Of IT industry
Module-2-c Programming-fundamental Of Programming 
Module-3-oop-c++
Module-4-Database



Module-1

What Is Computer?
	computer is an electronic device that makes human life easier and faster
Uses Of Computer:-Offices,banks,hotel,restaurant,school,colleges.

Computer:-
1)Hardware:- The Part Which we can touch and feel.
	eg.Keyboard,mouse,cpu,dvd drive etc..
2)Software:-The Part Which we cannot touch and feel
	eg.VLC,vscode,powerpoint etc...

What Is Program?
It Is A set of instruction 

To create a program we use programming 
 Types of langauges:-c,c++,python,java,html,css,prolog etc...

World Wide Web:-Web server

	-known as a web
	-is a collection of website and webpages stored in web servers
	-connected to local computers through internet
	-these websites contain text pages,audio,video etc...
	-users can access from any part of the world using computer,laptop,cell phone 	 	 	 etc...


How Internet Works?
	
	A server is where website is stored ,and it works a lot like your computer hard drive.
	once the request arrives the server retrives the website and sends the correct data back to the computer
	one of the best feature of the internet is the ability to communicate almost instantly with anyone in the world 

E-Mail is one of the oldest and most universal way to communicate and share inforation on internet and billions people use it.


Client & Server

1)client Program
.Running on end host
.request services
.eg web browser
2)
.Running on end host
.provides services
.eg web server

Client-server communication 

1)Clients"sometimes on"
.initiates a request to the server
.eg web browser on your laptop 
.doesn't communicate with clients directly
.needs to know the server address


2)Server s "always on "
.service request from many clients host  
.eg webserver for  the www.example.com
.doesn't initate contract with clients 
.needs a fixed,well-known address




















